# SystemAnalysisAndDesign
Jennifer Lozier SNHU CS-255

DriverPass was the client, with Liam being the owner of DriverPass.  DriverPass wanted a system designed that would allow users to perform certain actions online, including setting up their accounts, making appointments for driver training classes, take practice exams, view class progress, and provide resources that could be used for studying for their exams.
I think I did best with the business requirements document.  I find words easier to explain and understand things than diagrams but that is just how my brain works and I understand that other people may find it easier to view the system diagrams.  I noticed right before submitting my project that I had forgotten to put in the text in the case box at the end of my activity diagram, so it just says CASE.  Unfortunately, I was no longer able to edit this diagram on Lucidchart so I had to submit it as it was.  Next time, I would like to be more careful and check over my diagrams before saving them.
The approach that I like to use to interpret the user's needs is to understand who will be using the system the most, which in this case was the student drivers.  Then I combined the requirements with trying to make an easy and streamlined user experience.  If the user is satisfied with their experience in using the system, they will be more likely to recommend it to others, and in turn earn more money for the company.
I tend to approach software design with an object-oriented approach, which makes it easier for developers to write the code when it comes time, since most programming languages are object oriented.  This allows me to focus on the structure of each phase of the SDLC by breaking them down into smaller parts to be created.  This allows the developer to run frequent testing as they write the code to save time and money in the process.
My approach in the future would involve using the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodology to more efficiently create and claify preliminary concepts, designs, and allow for a quicker deployment of systems.
